Perfchapter (#380)
KumoCorp/kumomta: docs/userguide/performance/loghooks.md

## Traffic Shaping For Log Queues

KumoMTA's default traffic shaping rules are configured to prevent reputation damage when sending by respecting the expectation of MailBox Providers(MBPs).

While those defaults can help prevent throttling, they are overly restrictive when sending messages to internal HTTP/AMQP/Kafka endpoints, and can result is queue backpressure.

To prevent queue buildup, your traffic shaping configuration should explicitly define shaping rules for your webhook queue.

Consider the following log hook configuration:

```lua
local log_hooks = require 'policy-extras.log_hooks'

-- Send a JSON webhook to a local network host.
-- See https://docs.kumomta.com/userguide/operation/webhooks/
log_hooks:new_json {
  name = 'webhook',
  url = 'http://10.0.0.1:4242/log',
  log_parameters = {

>     headers = { 'Subject', 'X-Customer-ID' },

Reviewer: I'd like us to push all logging examples towards using `meta` instead of `headers` so that we don't lead folks down the slow path!

Author: Done.

  },
}
```

> Given the queue name of `webhook` the following should be added to the shaping helper TOML configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the log hook name of `webhook` the following should be added to the shaping helper TOML configuration file:
```
